Zhengjin, how is it you?
Where is Zhengyuan, my brother?
He has important business to attend to personally
I'm coming to the stone betting contest tonight
Chen Hao, that rascal dog is here again
Officially going abroad tonight
Hosted by this stone gambling event
But I'm going to fool the whole Linhai City
So brilliant
The hillbilly is still licking his face
So shameless
I heard that he opened three top-quality jadeites in a row last time
I also won Mr. Hua
If he is really a stone gambling genius
Sows can climb trees
That's pretty good.
This little white face is just a joke
If you open the rough stone again tonight
Absolutely embarrassing
Hello
These rough stone materials
I personally shipped it back from Myanmar.
I'm sure everyone will have a pack of cigarettes tonight
Oh, by the way, Mr. Hua
With your ability
Tonight's title of gambling king belongs to you
Mr. Zheng's ability is also good
Why don't you and I take a gamble first
You are the queen of the gambling pool
I have this ability
Forget it, you have foresight
Since flowers are always so elegant
Just tonight I hired another gambling king
Why don't you let him accompany you to the gambling king?
Who is the other gambling king?